Hey, it's you, Songsong
Test he succeeded
That's great, Komatsu.
Are these two?
Di Lao, this is Wang Tianfu
The CEO of our company.
This is Chen Guisheng, the head of the R & D department
Hahahaha, that's great.
It's all talent
Come and tell us about this car
What's good about domestic manufacturers?
It looks the same no matter what.
Mr. Song, this car
We have completely surpassed the North American master
Marc's car
100 kilometers in 5 seconds
Maximum speed 180 kilometers per hour
Pure electric battery life of 200 kilometers
Hybrid 1,000 kilometers
The charging time only takes two hours.
What you said is true.
Victory you are awesome
This domestic car has surpassed Western cars
Mr. Song, we succeeded
Dad, I knew you could do it.
Ye Shao, do you have anything else to say?
Su may not be able to surpass Western cars
Mr. Song, please cooperate with us.
Cooperate with me and I will give you the biggest discount.
What is your discount?
Mr. Song, you cooperate with me and I will help you build a car for free.
As long as you give me a production line
Where is Song Yang?
It all depends on Li Lao and Li Zi to have today
I announce that we will only cooperate with Lux Group
Cong
Come to our house for a potluck after the party is over
This
Is that convenient?
Go?
Dad, I haven't been to Aunt Li's house yet